How dare you bully my master?
Chen Xun men and women don't want to live anymore
I don't tear it at all
You should invest in Highland Red Group this time.
The plateau red stock is about to enter the light
Only fools don't invest in this
Why are you here? Why can't I come?
Where are you sure you're going?
The plateau red group leader is a great deal
You believe me I have internal information
Mr. Chen
Highland red stocks are falling rapidly
Handsome man, I didn't analyze the data well.
I was wrong, I know I'm wrong, don't get out quickly
I'm looking for Mr. Chen, you can go out first
What's the matter with me?
This is Muzhi Zhi.
Are you all right?
Hmph, I don't believe that anyone can really sit still
Why haven't you been fascinated by me yet?
Buttface, stop it
How could you do that?
Master, I am avenging you
I want to humiliate Chen Xunan
This woman is really
This is definitely not paper.
What's wrong, Ah Qing?
Uh-huh.
Did you change it back?
This is paper.
how
Didn't you seduce me just now?
that
It wasn't me just now
It's the cat.
What you said
Really?
Not me.
I know you and Miss Li Na are calling me
I won't do it.
I'm dating Li Na
Who did you hear that from?
I saw you two with my own eyes at the hospital that day
So you came back to me that day
OK
Just you listen to me
I really had nothing to do with Li Na
Every day because I'm in a bad mood
Come to me for a drink
That's why you saw that scene